Update README (#4898)
LiskHQ/lisk-desktop: README.md

npm run dev
```

> Open http://localhost:8080 to access wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open http://localhost:8080 to access the wallet.
```

This comes with Redux dev tools.

> ### How to use ledger hardware wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to use the Ledger hardware wallet
```

#### Step 1: Manually add the Lisk ledger app to your Ledger hardware wallet

> - Download `installer_nanos.sh` or `installer_nanos_plus.sh` from [ledger-lisk](https://github.com/Zondax/ledger-lisk/releases). Depending on your HW test device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download `installer_nanos.sh` or `installer_nanos_plus.sh` from [ledger-lisk](https://github.com/Zondax/ledger-lisk/releases), depending on your HW test device.
```

- run `chmod +x ./installer.sh`

> - Make sure you have python3 on your environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure you have python3 in your environment.
```

> - Connect your ledger nano to your computer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect your ledger nano to your computer.
```

- run `./installer.sh load` // to push the Lisk app to your ledger)

> - You might need to do pip install ledgerblue . Make sure you use pip for python3, depending on how you have set up your aliases to handle python2 and python3. I use pip3 for python3, in that case do pip3 install ledgerblue .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It may be necessary to perform a pip install ledgerblue. Ensure you use pip for python3, depending on how you have set up your aliases to handle python2 and python3. If you are using pip3 for python3, then in this case perform a pip3 install ledgerblue.
```

> - Accept all prompts on your connected ledger device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Accept all prompts on your connected ledger device.
```

> - After accepting all prompts you should have an app called Lisk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After accepting all prompts you should then have an app called Lisk.
```

> #### Step 2: How to sign in to your ledger wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 2: How to sign in to your Ledger wallet
```

- `git clone git@github.com:LiskHQ/lisk-desktop.git`
- run `npm run build`

> - Open two terminals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open two terminals.
```

- In terminal 1 run `npm run dev`

> - In terminal 2 run `LISK_DESKTOP_URL="http://localhost:8080" DEBUG=true npm run start` // this will open the Lisk electron app)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In terminal 2 run `LISK_DESKTOP_URL="http://localhost:8080" DEBUG=true npm run start` // (this will open the Lisk electron app).
```

> - In the Lisk electron app navigate to /dashboard → click “Add account” → click “Use a hardware wallet”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Lisk electron app navigate to /dashboard → click “Add account” → then click “Use a hardware wallet”.
```

> - Open the Lisk app on your ledger (the app you installed in step 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open the Lisk app on your Ledger, (the app you just previously installed in step 1).
```

npm run test:live
```

## Directory Layout

> Note: It might not exactly look like this everywhere because of legacy code/features. However, this is the layout that we try to follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The following layout structure may not appear exactly as shown below due to the legacy code/features. However, this is the layout that we try to follow:
```

```

> ├── .husky/                        # Contains pre commit hook which checks that files are prettified before commiting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
├── .husky/                        # Contains a pre commit hook which checks that files are prettified before committing.
```

│   │       ├── components/        # Components related to the hardwareWallet domain.
│   │       ├── hooks/             # Hooks related to the hardwareWallet domain.
│   │       ├── store/             # Redux encapsulated logic related to the hardwareWallet domain.
│   │           ├── actions/       # HardwareWallet actions.
│   │           ├── selectors/     # HardwareWallet selectors.
│   │           ├── reducers/      # HardwareWallet reducers.
│   │       ├── utils/             # Utils used in the hardwareWallet module. Global utils should be put in src/utils.
│   ├── redux/                     # Contains the root reducer, all other reducers are imported here. It also has legacy pattern, selectors, and actions (these should now be encapsulated in its specific module).
│   ├── routes/                    # Contains all routes in the application as well as modals.
│   │   ├── routes.js              # Route and modal paths with metadata. This object is used in all our links.
│   │   ├── routesMap.js           # Maps components to routes, this is used in the MainRouter.js.
│   ├── service/                   # Add services, such as mock services.

> │   ├── theme/                     # Themed components (Button, Input, ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── theme/                     # Themed components (Button, Input, etc.).
```

│   ├── utils/                     # Global utility functions used throughout the app.
        ├── i18n/                  # Localization setup.

> └──test/                           # E2E tests written with Cypress.io and Cucumber; also some helpers used by unit test that live in /src.

Reviewer: Imho, the line 185 should read as follows:
E2E tests written with Cypress.io and Cucumber; also some helpers used by unit _tests_ that live in /src.

```

## Directory Layout
Note: It might not exactly look like this everywhere because of legacy code/features. However, this is the layout that we try to follow
```
├── .husky/                        # Contains pre commit hook which checks that files are prettified before commiting.
├── app/                           # Electron based application that launces the react app.
├── build/                         # Build specific materials.
├── coverage/                      # Results of Jest test coverage.
├── dist/                          # Platform specific built outputs.
├── docs/                          # Project documentations such as contribution guides and development guidelines.
├── libs/                          # Modules which can be consumed individually in other projects.

> │   ├── hardwareWallet/            # HardwareWallet integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── hardwareWallet/            # HardwareWallet integrations.
```

> │   ├── wcm/                       # Wallet connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── wcm/                       # Wallet connect.
```

├── node_modules/                  # 3rd-party libraries and utilities.

> ├── setup/                         # The top most application layer, contains MainRouter and globally imported css files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
├── setup/                         # The top most application layer, contains MainRouter and globally imported css files.
```

> │   ├── config/                    # Automation scripts (Webpack configurations, i18n scanner, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── config/                    # Automation scripts (Webpack configurations, i18n scanner, etc.).
```

│   ├── react/                     # React presentational components are located here.

> │   │   ├── app/                   # The bootstrap React application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │   ├── app/                   # The bootstrap React application.
```

> │   │   ├── assets/                # Static files (images, fonts, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │   ├── assets/                # Static files (images, fonts, etc.).
```

├── src/                           # Application source code.

> │   ├── const/                     # Static configurations and other values used throughout the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── const/                     # Static configurations and other values used throughout the application.
```

> │   ├── locales/                   # Contains the built localization files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── locales/                   # Contains the built localization files.
```

> │   ├── modules/                   # Divided logic in domain specific areas, below is an example structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── modules/                   # Divided logic in domain specific areas, an example structure is shown below.
```

> │   │   ├── hardwareWallet/        # Module/Domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │   ├── hardwareWallet/        # Module/Domain.
```

> │   │       ├── __fixtures__/      # Contains mock data for the hardwareWallet module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │       ├── __fixtures__/      # Contains mock data for the hardwareWallet module.
```

> │   │       ├── components/        # Components related to the hardwareWallet domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │       ├── components/        # Components related to the hardwareWallet domain.
```

> │   │       ├── hooks/             # Hooks related to the hardwareWallet domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │       ├── hooks/             # Hooks related to the hardwareWallet domain.
```

> │   │       ├── store/             # Redux encapsulated logic related to hardwareWallet domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │       ├── store/             # Redux encapsulated logic related to the hardwareWallet domain.
```

> │   │           ├── actions/       # HardwareWallet actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │           ├── actions/       # HardwareWallet actions.
```

> │   │           ├── selectors/     # HardwareWallet selectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │           ├── selectors/     # HardwareWallet selectors.
```

> │   │           ├── reducers/      # HardwareWallet reducers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │           ├── reducers/      # HardwareWallet reducers.
```

> │   │       ├── utils/             # Utils used in the hardwareWallet module. Global utils should be put in src/utils

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │       ├── utils/             # Utils used in the hardwareWallet module. Global utils should be put in src/utils.
```

> │   ├── redux/                     # Contains the root reducer, all other reducers are imported here. It also has legacy pattern, selectors and actions (these should now be encapsulted in its specific module) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── redux/                     # Contains the root reducer, all other reducers are imported here. It also has legacy pattern, selectors, and actions (these should now be encapsulated in its specific module). 
```

> │   ├── routes/                    # Contains all routes in the application as well as modals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── routes/                    # Contains all routes in the application as well as modals.
```

> │   │   ├── routes.js              # Route and modal paths with metadata. This object is used in all our links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │   ├── routes.js              # Route and modal paths with metadata. This object is used in all our links.
```

> │   │   ├── routesMap.js           # Maps components to routes, it is used in the MainRouter.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   │   ├── routesMap.js           # Maps components to routes, this is used in the MainRouter.js
```

> │   ├── service/                   # Add services, such a mock services here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── service/                   # Add services, such as mock services.
```

> │   ├── theme/                     # Themed components (Button, Input, ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── theme/                     # Themed components (Button, Input, ...).
```

> │   ├── utils/                     # Global utility functions used througout tha app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── utils/                     # Global utility functions used throughout the app.
```

>         ├── i18n/                  # Localization setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ├── i18n/                  # Localization setup.
```

> └──test/                           # E2E tests written with Cypress.io and Cucumber; also some helpers used by unit test that live in /src

Reviewer: ```suggestion
└──test/                           # E2E tests written with Cypress.io and Cucumber; also some helpers used by unit test that live in /src.
```

├── coverage/                      # Results of Jest test coverage.
├── dist/                          # Platform specific built outputs.

> ├── docs/                          # Project documentations such as contribution guides and development guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
├── docs/                          # Project documentation such as contribution guides and development guidelines.
```
